So here, I already have
everything kind of going for us,
we already have the underlying,
that's not we want.
The underlying function for us to
actually communicate with our DB layer so
we can kind of go through
this pretty quickly.
I'm gonna do a login user.
This again is going to take the request
events.APIGatewayProxyRequest, where
are you?
ProxyRequest, it's going to return
events.APIGatewayProxyResponse and
our error, okay?
And over here, we're gonna basically
create a new struct to handle requests.
This is gonna look exactly like
the register user request,
it's gonna have the username and password.
We could refactor that as well.
Because it's already
been x amount of time,
I'm gonna take the lazy way and
just do type LoginRequest.
Okay, it's gonna be a struct.
I'm gonna put here username,
it's gonna be a string,
json: "username", exact same thing,
and then password.
It's gonna be a string,
json: "password", okay?
And we're gonna use this struct
only when we get LoginRequests.
We can do var loginRequest.
There's gonna be a typed LoginRequest.
And now we're gonna unmarshal the request
field we get when this method is invoked.
So what we can do is error is
going to be json.Unmarshal.
Okay, I'm gonna take in that
slice of bytes from request.body,
and we're gonna pass in
the reference to our log in under
the initialized variable here,
a loginRequest variable.
And if the error does not equal to no,
we're gonna do return
Events.APIGatewayProxyResponse.
The body of this could
just say Invalid request.
Status code is gonna be
http.StatusBadRequest, okay?
Return that error as well.
And then here, we basically need to check,
does this user exist?
And then check, does it match our
password, our store password here?
Okay, so here we're gonna user and
our error are going to
be from our api.dbstore.
Db .get
User.
>> Isn't that on the interface?
>> It's not an interface, it is not
an interface, yeah, you're right.
Yep, nice.
GetUser, so this GetUser as
we kind of find it earlier,
username is going to be a string and
it's gonna return our types.User.
Thank you for that.
Okay, I'm gonna get a bunch of complaints,
why is that?
Cuz GetUser returns a typeUser and
an error.
Okay, cool.
Types.User and
an error.
Okay, cool.
All those errors went away,
so let's go back here.
Let's just kind of get completion for
us, dot.
Hey, there it is.
GetUser, let's go add in pass
in on loginRequest.Username.
If error does not equal to nil,
what we can do here is just
return exact same thing,
event.APIGatewayProxyResponse, it's
gonna be Internal server error.
I could spell that right.
Okay, and then the StatusCode is
going to be http.InternalServerError.
All right, so now we have our user.
The one thing we have to do is validate
the password we're getting from our plain
text password matches the password
that's stored in our database.
So here we can do types.ValidatePassword,
and remember the order here matters.
So the user.PasswordHash,
loginRequest.Password.
Users what we got from our database,
loginRequest what we're
getting from the user, okay?
And we're basically saying if this
is false, so if they do not match or
if there is an error, I'm gonna
return in events API body response,
and I'm gonna say Invalid
user credentials.
The status is going to be, let's see.
The status is going to be http,
I guess we just do bad request.
StatusBadRequest, okay, nil.
And here, we need to add if.
Okay, so if this is false,
we're going to return this.
Otherwise, we know that we
have a successful login, so
we can do our hyperpath
event APIProxyResponse.
Okay, we can go
Body: Successfully logged in.
That's code http.StatusOK.
Okay, and this could be nil.
And this is it.
And all we have to do now is just create
a new register case for score /login.
Our API handler just has to do LoginUser.
So that was a lot in this chapter,
I know it's pretty heavy duty.
Again, this is kind of why
we have that code available.
So if you didn't catch up, just hopefully,
when I was talking to the code,
it was making sense, looked at
some of the things we were doing.
But yeah, essentially, what we've done, we
have a router that slapped on our lambda,
we're going to deploy it.
And now we have different routes
to handle different calls.
So a registered call or a login call.
You can go make, build, Go back up,
we can do our cdk diff.
Cool.
As you can see here, obviously we're gonna
have a bunch of different methods and
changes.
We're adding a bunch of permissions to our
gateway, and let's go ahead and rock and
roll with the cdk deploy.
Cool.